I want to show you how to change the
ship cable for the rear derailleur this
one is a little bit rusty so I'm going
to go ahead and change it first start
off by shifting the rear derailleur into
the smallest cog there now we go ahead
just go ahead and cut the wire right
there and then we go ahead and loosen
this little nut here then you reach up
here just kind of pull the cable out
next we're to go ahead just continue
pulling the wire up here and we go ahead
and pull this out of here
and here's the shifter right here so I'm
going to go ahead and push the cable
through and there's the end of the cable
right there so I'm just go ahead and
pull that cable out through the shifter
they're now a brand-new shift cable so
I'm go ahead and slide in the hole where
the old one came out and work it through
sometimes it helps to kind of twist the
cave spin the cable around a little bit
to help it work through
OOP
get through there
I'll pull this through here and there
got it through so got that usually you
can go through if the Dre ler is in the
lowest key or the smallest cog on this
one
then usually you can just push the thing
through but on this one kind of head
around it through a little bit
differently okay so now I have the cable
coming out through the other side of the
shifter go ahead feed it through the
cable
repeat PETA through the cable housing I
should say okay fit this in here and I
got to route this down here okay so I'm
gonna go ahead and route this through
here there's a little slot on the side
there and kind of get this all work down
or was it the other there we go so now
it's fit down there I pull it tight okay
the next part is there's usually like a
little guide that goes right underneath
the bottom bracket and so you go ahead
and fit the cable through that pull it
through
now we feed the cable through here and
just push it all the way through now
we're back over here take the little
barrel adjuster screw it all the way in
when you get it all the way in go ahead
and just unscrew it about a turn or two
got that okay so now I'm going to feed
the cable down through this little clamp
part here pull it taut and tighten that
by hand get my wrench tighten that
okay so now we're to go ahead and work
on adjusting the rear derailleur so
right now it's in the smallest cog so
I'm going to go ahead and shift the
derailleur up one click and it get
perfect it went up one cog I'm gonna
ship it again go ahead it went up shift
once more again up again again look go
ahead and clip this off here normally
this is coming down off to the side and
does get in the way but so I'm gonna go
ahead and just clip this off right now
bend it out there prison now go ahead
and shift it down shift it down shut it
down shut it down
chip it down good chip it up shift it up
chip it up go to ship it up I think I'm
just going to go ahead and back it out
just a little bit because it was just a
little bit slow in going up to the next
cog
okay go ahead shifting pretty well I'm
just going to double check this make
sure this is tight I'm going to click
this just a little bit shorter leave
about yeah inch and a half there okay
I've got my little crimp end thing here
so I'm going to slide that on bring my
tool up and crimp that on there all done